lesson one if you want to display
advertisement on the side you firstly
need to add this side to the system by
means of your control panel
in the administrative control panel go
to advertising manage sites channels on
the subsequent page click creates the
side button for a new site input the
site URL for instance input the site
title
in put the side description write
several lines describing the site select
a category for the site categories are
created by the administrator in the
settings tab and the his administrative
panel it'll be used when advertisers the
excise where they want to display their
ads to select a category for the site
click select button from all the listed
categories choose the one which most
suits to your site content select a
thumbnail for the site you can get a
thumbnail from the web by clicking get
from the web button or in case there are
no images for this very site you can
upload it from your computer like this
said targeting for the site targeting is
used to control what site visitors ads
will be displayed for and which it won't
identify custom targeting from the list
of all targeting groups created earlier
select the one which fits your site
targeting modes in case you can't find a
suitable targeting group click manage
targeting groups to create a new one set
CPC pricing you can allow or reject
displaying CPC advertisements on the
site if you mark the option allow CPC
advertising on the site the other
Times's of your system will be able to
select this site when creating the a CPC
campaigns set minimum bid for the ads
advertisers will be able to pay per
click on their ads displayed on the site
advertisers bills must be higher than
minimum bids for the ads set by the
administrator or publishers if they want
their ads to visit displayed on a
certain site select the layout for the
site layout is a simulated display of
your existing website when creating
their campaigns advertisers can view
such mock-ups with an expanded
representation of all the system's
websites in their site directory menu by
viewing those they can choose the
website they want to display their ads
on especially for you we have designed
several most popular layout schemes used
by websites owners to create a website
layout choose one of the specified
layouts which duplicate the view of your
website and set it or emitters in case
you can't find a suitable layout photo
for your website or you want to
customize the selected layout click
customize there you can drag and drop
internal layout borders or merge or
divine cells on the layout to create
your site layout with
several minutes
the site was created successfully